Hello and welcome to a first video and here it is
directly
to the
Magic Mouse from Apple
yes there are already a few - but now there is my video here
first to the functions
So everything here wants to be displayed is that it should work
Of course I can count one I count
I can scroll
I can also zoom in the screen
and I can too
around Novi the Irish with two fingers
Yes
then around
and come to the battery power
TI is really incredible so I have it now
Pages my putt says years closed thats now
8 days
yes, in those night days the whole 7 percent off and 9
and I have always worked out this Michel
and yes that's incredible so you can compare
played with the Apple keyboard for the iMac to zero
yes, the whole thing is via Bluetooth
and where you have to send a mail send home
you have to go here first
as a software update just click on it
and then he looks for the latest software
and then you can find it here
under the system settings and also have his Magic Mouse
All in all, the Magic Mouse is just great for me
you do not have this anymore
boring
and the revenue from then on
Man really can
Hertha late like the iPod has Schoder iPhone
Just serve everything and Hartmann can do it
with the iPhone or even mosquito trackpad from the MacBook pro
to compare
yes, and if you have more information here
to have Magic Mouse just wants to get Ertel points de / medien
a lot of information among critics
yes another feature of the Magic Mouse
is around that is 360 ° scrolling
so used for the normal says
why if I have something to do here or anything else
in Cannes to sides but want to the right one must
Of course, this is also possible here
easy with two fingers
to the right and you can also book and down at the same time
This is called as 60 degrees scrolling what you do with normal mice
not necessarily can
yes good
Bottom line so this strange thing is just perfect
and Apple has the market and so you get a new one I'm not rich
made
and yes I am glad that I am the owner
The Magic Mouse is available from 9 60 Euro
it's a multitabs feast
and now many will say again in Q2 enjoyed times of wars
I also try so much
it is clear though
the second match against us
This really is more money
and yes, I'm really glad she owns
I can only recommend it
and before I even nonsense Lorber now
since I just go
click on this data
Go to the new Apple Store and buy it wherever
It is worth it
and you do not get in shape
we have to live
So Martin Kaymer was put up the same way and then became one
and you have that with your ears today
so
it is the next time tomorrow again in the evening